What the hell. And my sister does heroin, and uh, and that one, we’re like, “You do need to stop doing that.” Which sucks for her because if she played guitar, everybody would be like, “She’s a genius.” Instead, she’s a hairdresser, so it’s not as cool.
Relax, it’s my family. It’s my family. Don’t worry about it. Actually, based on this crowd, I’m sure it’s actually a lot of your guys’ families too. And that’s all right. We’re allowed to talk about it.
My sister, since she was doing heroin, we had to have an intervention for her. She lived out in Pittsburgh. We live in the middle of Pennsylvania. So we had to trick her to come home. You got to trick them. I don’t know if you know these guys, they’re not just f*cking stopping by. They’re very busy. They’re the busiest people. They get a bad rap for being lazy because they take a lot of naps. But if they’re awake, they’re f*cking…very busy. They’re scurrying around, dude, doing quests.
That’s what they do. If you do heroin long enough, you run out of money. You got to start doing quests. You know, it’s… You know, it’s like a f*cked up game of Zelda every day. You just wake up to a new quest. It’s like, “You need to gather coppers. Gonna find a scrap yard.” It sounds nice. I wish I got quests.
But eventually, the quests get pretty dark. Scrapyard, that’s like level one. Towards the end, the quest, you need to get titty behind the Home Depot.
So we had to come up with a plan to trick her to come home for the intervention. The plan we came up with was we told her that we had won tickets to go to Six Flags. And it worked. She called back, she’s already, “Alright, I’ll be there.” Just got on the first bus. It’s like a seven-hour bus ride. There’s nothing to them, dude. No, if you take heroin, every bus is a bullet train. It’s a five-minute ride, tops.
Anyway, so the plan was, pick my sister up from the bus stop, not take her to Six Flags. They could take her to a hotel, where we’re gonna have an intervention. I didn’t want to start the intervention with like a lack of trust, so I took her to Six Flags the day of her intervention. The morning of that day, she and I went to Six Flags together. And I thought that was a nice gesture, but it turns out an intervention is supposed to be rock bottom. You know what I mean? Like, an intervention’s supposed to be the worst day of your life, not like you’re tired from easily the best day humanly possible.
I mean, she took heroin and rode roller coasters. It was… Dude, it was impossible. We sat down with her, like, “You better  f*cking change your life.” She’s like, “I’m going back tomorrow.”